Hello guys with you and it is not firm
heading wot fan
and in this video you will see how you can
take kolobanova with such a step
as we as we see yes this is how much
three dozen is a bunch of nines are those
tanks that are just not
succumb to
a gun that a bulldog has
until succumbs but this if you call u
fix there astern well and so on and
again this art
why threw our hero so soon
all due to the fact that he is still in
cocked with 212 arty
212a maybe because of this
Well, you know how our hero will not
how will our hero be carried away
this fight where he won't go to him forever
come across such tyazh who well, just
unreal will pierce however not
Corr price for it is only a plus
because that's exactly because of this because
the fact that in those places where he will go to him
he won't be able to do anything there
go the names of which I do
this is a real video let's see
how it was all so wakashka we see
here in the gut of him of course not
is subject to therefore he is decided from here
leave
then shoot a couple of art for good luck
our hero is not hooked and here now
the center goes a fierce shootout and
meanwhile, our hero is trying to drive
to another place maybe someone will be there
back to him to stand and he will cause at least
there is no damage here st-1 blue
even enter gold shells well
simply unrealistic and sasha take therefore
of course, only one remains
slip away from here and where faster and so
poke it around here
Esteshka leaves and criticizes him immediately
engine of course to our hero
remain only and repair and go
from here to hell because he is there
there will be no tenant as we see only
once and c-stupa stupid and already at 425
Hepe is 50 percent of our health
tank and so here from 7 out of 7 it monitors
he manages our hero to drive off somewhere
so that everyone does not hit him at this time
bummed out
art on our hero, he survived here as
we still see him all
the damage was not inflicted by the allies simply
how I do not know who is like broken glass
really just blown apart will see
in the center they have pierced our enemy
all broke
on the first line of a haircut proshilis in
Sect still soul 38 in our favor in this
time is our hero
for hollowed one flash drive horde principle this
his vocation is still yes or shine
come to the rear
rival and inflict damage even arts
at least arte because as we again I
again tyazh such that very hard
will punch yes and in principle it is not
need better of course highlight but
again on this map you are not particularly
highlight because there are so many
mountains a lot of houses there just orton
or will not reach or will be just
many blunders
there are already 412 guys here we see stitches
the enemy stopped at our base but not
began to take most likely someone there
They wrote this motto that the capture of the base
well well for killing her all the tanks give
more experience is just not the case
because if they were to capture
maybe it was all different as we see
two brother-acrobat becomes on base and
starts to take base
It remains only 30 seconds cords
11 enemy tanks guys 11 tanks
Our hero only 605 homework on
trail chat so miser and what is now
it happens it will just have to be the most
big ones and which i saw is real
the very kind of battle that took Kolobanova
for my wounds the rarest and most
cool rain see what remains
9 seconds here we see 4502
this leaves again no bulldog
Vakashka missed him here
with . from far too likely to see
aim but no pony shoots and
look take bulldog on
the last second the base is already captured and with
such moments that the base is already in capture
Bulldog will now throw another bulldog
the enemy but this will not be enough because
that the base is already taken our hero is alive and time
coming to the end
you see here flies in as we see
all the same flying projectile but
no damage for our hero and he stays
alive and the base is taken guys pay
attention 11 tanks and enemies remain in
alive and our hero
as we in the beginning had no luck on him
it turned out to really take the bun
in such a way
so this force is in principle
merit rival because firstly
they did not take the base that were here on
our base stitches and those yarns that
were in the center did not see that capture
started there from the first seconds they should
were still twirling back but nobody
in principle, this is not done on time and for
account of this is such a great fight
just an epic probably kolobanov I don't
I know maybe even somewhere to get out there on the
official channel
tanks FIG know but nevertheless lan u
I probably first appeared and I hope
you like it all guys thanks
who watched hope you this fight
like write comments put
likes everyone bye